good morning it's october 12
2020 and it's a monday
here in l.a some gray
pretty dark still
very still right now
around 61 degrees fahrenheit 16
celsius
night time a man
walks down a street
alone this is an
old part of the city and no one else is
out this time of night
in the distance can be heard
a heavy freight train rumbling through
the man gets to the end of the street
a dead end
and he looks up
there he sees the old
neon flashing
and the dim red letters
spell out heartbreak
hotel
should be getting up to 90 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
around 32 celsius and we should be
enjoying
blue skies and golden
all along the way everyone
have a great day